## 1) What is npm?

    It is a tool for the package management and also the default package manager for node projects. Npm is installed when NodeJS is installed on the system. it comes with CLI which is used to interact with online database of NPM. Name of the data base - NPM registry, which hosts public and private 'packages'. to add or update packages, we use npm CLI to intreact with this database. Alternative is yarn.

## 2) how to intialize npm?

   NPM init is the command to initalize npm, we can also use npm init -y to skip the setups npm will automatically take care of the  ==package.json== file, but without the configurations.
    A react app is powered by lot of packages, so we want lot of packages in our app so we use a package manager like npm

## 3) What is bunddlers?

    A bundler is a tool in react that allows developer to package their code into single js file or bundle. A bundle can be used to run the app on the browser, bundler reduces the == size of code== and ==improve the performance of the code==. Eg: == Parcel, Webpack==

## 4) What is parcel/Webpack? Why do we need it?

    they are the bundler which bundlers the whole code into single js file, it is an open source bundler which is used for development and prouctions purposes. with different type of functionalities and features. It can take any point as an entry point but an HTML or JavaScript file is a good place to start.
    Parcel Features:
      * ==HMR ( Hot Module Replacement)== : parcel keeps track of file changes via file watcher algorithm and renders the changes in the files
      * ==File watcher algorithm== - made with C++
      * ==Minification==: (SWC to mini removing whitespace, renaming variables to shorter names, and many other optimizations.
      * Bundling:
      * ==Tree Shaking==: It production builds unwanted code is removed/ dead code elimination
      * ==Caching==: Caches everything if you restart the server it will build only things that have changed. Stored in .parcel-cache by default
      * ==Lazy Mode==
      * ==HTTPS==: Sometimes you need HTTPS for development
      * Shared Bundles
      * ==Content Hasing==: 
      * ==port Number==
      * Zero Configuration
      * Cleaning our code
      * Super fast building algorithm
      * Compatible with older version of browser

    Installations Commands:
      npm install -D parcel

      Parcel Commands :
      For development build: npx parcel <entry_point>
      For Production build: npx parcel build <entry_point> 
      

## 5) What is npx?

   ## npx is a tool that is used to execute the particular package, it comes with npm and is the npm package runner that will execute any package from npm registry without even installing the package.

## 6) What is ==.parcel-cache?
    .parcel-cache is used by parcel(bundler) to reduce the building time. It stores information about your project when parcel builds it, so that when it rebuilds, it doesn't have to re-parse and re-analyze everything from scratch. It's a key reason why parcel can be so fast in development mode.

## 7) What is difference between depenedices and dev-dependencies?

    "dependencies": Packages required by your application in production. Dependencies should contain library and framework in which your app is built on, needs to function effectively. such as Vue, React, Angular, Express, JQuery and etc.
   ## "devDependencies": Packages that are only needed for local development and testing. DevDependencies should contain modules/packages a developer needs during development. such as, parcel, webpack, vite, mocha. These packages are necessary only while you are developing your project, not necessary on production.

## 8) What is .gitignore? What should we add and not add into it?
    The .gitignore file is a text file that tells Git which files or folders to ignore in a project during commit to the repository. The types of files you should consider adding to a .gitignore file are any files that do not need to get committed. for example, For security, the security key files and API keys should get added to the gitignore. package-lock.json should not add into your .gitignore file.

   "*" is used as a wildcard match
   "/" is used to ignore pathnames relative to the .gitignore file
   "#"  is used to add comments to a .gitignore file

## 9) What is the difference between package.json and package-lock.json?

    package.json:
      This file is mandatory for every project
      It contains basic information about the project
      Application name/version/scripts
    package-lock.json:
      This file is automatically generated for those operations where npm modifies either the node_module tree or package-json.
      It is generated after an ==npm install==
      It allows future devs & automated systems to download the same dependencies as the project.
      it also allows to go back to the past version of the dependencies without actual ‘committing the node_modules folder.
      It records the same version of the installed packages which allows to reinstall them. Future installs will be capable of building identical description tree.
      ~ or ^ in package.json file : These are used with the versions of the package installed.

## 10) Why should I not modify package-lock.json?
      package-lock.json file contains the information about the dependencies and their versions used in the project. Deleting it would cause dependencies issues in the production environment. So don't modify it, It's being handled automatically by NPM.

## 11) What is node_modules ? Is it a good idea to push that on git?
       node_modules folder like a cache for the external modules that your project depends upon. When you npm install them, they are downloaded from the web and copied into the node_modules folder and Nodejs is trained to look for them there when you import them (without a specific path). Don't push node_modulesin github because it contains lots of files(more than 100 MB), it will cost you memory space.

## 12)What is the dist folder?

       The /dist folder contains the minimized version of the source code. The code present in the /dist folder is actually the code which is used on production web applications. Along with the minified code, the /dist folder also comprises of all the compiled modules that may or may not be used with other systems.

## 13) What is browserslist?
    Browserslist is a tool that allows specifying which browsers should be supported in your frontend app by specifying "queries" in a config file. It's used by frameworks/libraries such as React, Angular and Vue, but it's not limited to them.